[NB-1564] Add notebook environment public drop-ins (#720)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: public_dropin_notebook_environments/python39_notebook/README.md

> # Python 3.9 Notebook Drop-In Template Environment

Author: @mx-iao Please review

This template environment can be used to create custom Python 3.9 notebook environments.

## Supported Libraries

> This environment has been built for python 3.9 and supported libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment has been built for Python 3.9 and includes commonly used OSS machine learning and data science libraries.
```
